content/about.md, before:

---
date: "2017-03-18T20:53:54+08:00"
title:  "About me"
tags: ["Jimmy Song"]
subtitle: "Jimmy Song(宋净超)"
description: "Jimmy Song(宋净超) - Developer Advocate on Cloud Native, CNCF Ambassador, co-founder of ServiceMesher community"
nocomment: true
postmeta: false
notoc: true
seealso: false
bigimg: [{src: "https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/00704eQkgy1fs4rhvpm6bj30x30im1kx.jpg", desc: "Dark Side of the Moon - Pink Floyd"}]
---

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws3.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwgy1fvg55z3xfgj306q08zgm6.jpg" title="我的微信二维码">
<img src="https://ws3.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwgy1fvg55z3xfgj306q08zgm6.jpg" alt="我的微信二维码">
</a>
</div>

### Info

- Jimmy Song（宋净超）
- Beijing, China 🇨🇳
- [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/)
- Career
  - [iFlytek](http://www.iflytek.com) （科大讯飞)
  - [TalkingData](http://www.talkingdata.com)
  - [Ant Financial](https://www.antfin.com/)（蚂蚁金服）current➡️[招贤纳士](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dIV_dElINMV4I0Ro2GnbOg)

### Bio

Jimmy Song is a Developer Advocate on Cloud Native at [Ant Financial](http:///antfin.com). He has organized a few Special Interest Groups in China for years that covering Kubernetes, Cloud Native and Service Mesh, and is the co-founder of the [ServiceMesher](http://www.servicemesher.com) community.

He has been blogging and coding for years on Cloud Native, also translated Cloud Native Go & Python & Java books into Chinese. Jimmy lives in Beijing and spends his free time on photographing and traveling.

### Books

**Original**

- [未来架构——从服务化到云原生，张亮 吴晟 敖小剑 宋净超 著](/posts/future-architecture-from-soa-to-cloud-native/)

**Translations**

- [Cloud Native Go - 构建基于Go和React的云原生Web应用与微服务](https://jimmysong.io/cloud-native-go)
- [Cloud Native Python - 使用Python和React构建云原生应用](https://jimmysong.io/posts/cloud-native-python/)
- [Cloud Native Java - 使用Java构建云原生应用](https://jimmysong.io/posts/cloud-native-java)

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="Jimmy Song's Cloud Native Book Series">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="宋净超的云原生书籍系列">
</a>
</div>

**Gitbooks**

- [hugo-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/hugo-handbook) - 使用Hugo构建静态网站手册
- [kubernetes-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/) - Kubernetes中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册
- [istio-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook) - Istio中文指南/服务网格实践手册

---

### GitHub

- [awesome-cloud-native](https://github.com/rootsongjc/awesome-cloud-native) - Awesome cloud native architectures
- [cheatsheets](https://jimmysong.io/cheatsheets) -  A modest collection of cheatsheets I've written.
- [cloudinary-go](https://github.com/rootsongjc/cloudinary-go) - A Go client library and CLI tool to upload static assets to Cloudinary service.
- [magpie](https://github.com/rootsongjc/magpie) - Deploying and managing a Hadoop Yarn cluster with Docker Swarm.
- [kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster) - Setting up a Kubernetes cluster with Vagrant and VirtualBox
- [sofa-mesh](https://github.com/alipay/sofa-mesh) - A solution for large-scale Service Mesh based on Istio. <http://www.sofastack.tech/>
- [sofa-mosn](https://github.com/alipay/sofa-mosn) - SOFAMosn is a modular observable smart network which can be used in service mesh deployed as a data plane sidecar.
- [Spark on kubernetes](https://jimmysong.io/spark-on-k8s) - Running spark on kubernetes with native kubernetes scheduler

---

### Activities

The activities I attended or hosted by me.

#### Service Mesh Meetup

- Nov 24, 2018 #4 | Shanghai |
- Aug 25, 2018 #3 | Shenzhen | [See details](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/3453378014200)
- Jul 29, 2018 #2 | Beijing | [See details](https://github.com/servicemesher/meetup-slides/tree/master/2018/07/beijing)
- Jun 30, 2018 #1 | Hangzhou | [See details](https://github.com/servicemesher/meetup-slides/tree/master/2018/06/hangzhou)

#### 2018

- May 20,2018 | Nanjing | [Global Tech Week 2018, 4th NJSD Global Conference](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/)【2018全球技术周暨第四届南京（全球）软件大会】 | The next stage of Cloud Native apps
- Mar 23 - Mar 25,2018 | Beijing | Kubernetes 实战培训 | [Kubernetes实战培训|北京站](http://dockone.io/article/2626)

#### 2017

- Dec 16,2017 (🎂 My birthday)| Beijing | 下一代微服务： Service Mesh is Coming | [IT大咖说 数人云&TalkingData meetup](http://www.itdks.com/eventlist/detail/1690)
- Dec 8,2017 | Beijing | ArchSummit（全球架构师峰会）| [从Kubernetes到Cloud Native——云原生应用之路](http://bj2017.archsummit.com/presentation/306)
- Oct  15,2017 | Hangzhou | KEUC 2017（Kubernetes中国用户大会）| [k8smeetup最佳社区译者、最佳技术专栏作者](http://keuc.k8smeetup.com/)
- Sept 23,2017 | Beijing | Kubernetes 实战训练 | [Kubernetes 云原生应用设计与实战](https://www.bagevent.com/event/791762)
- Aug 26,2017 | Beijing | 技术·线下沙龙：云原生和微服务 | [云原生与微服务](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/8401246554100)
- Jul 7,2017 | Shenzhen | ArchSummit（全球架构师峰会）| [使用kubernetes的微服务和云原生应用实践](http://sz2017.archsummit.com/presentation/1080)

#### 2016

- Oct 20,2016 | Shanghai | Qcon | [Yarn on Docker——容器技术在大数据场景下的应用](http://2016.qconshanghai.com/speakers/202253)
- Oct 13,2016 | Hangzhou | The Computing Conference（云栖大会）| [大规模容器集群的管理与调度](https://yunqi.aliyun.com/2016/hangzhou/schedule?spm=5176.8098788.535884.3.7cdb1f673uSp7Q)
- Aug 15,2016 | Shanghai | MSA-summit（全球微服务架构技术大会） | [基于Docker的大数据集群虚拟化实践](http://msa-summit.com/)
- Jun 19,2016 | Beijing | Ghostcloud四城联动大型巡讲活动 | [让Docker听到中国的声音](https://www.bagevent.com/event/97318)

---

### Contact

- Wechat: jimmysong
- Email: jimmysong@jimmysong.io
- Twitter：[jimmysongio](https://twitter.com/jimmysongio)
- Facebook：[jimmysongio](https://facebook.com/jimmysongio)
- [500px](https://500px.com/jimmysongio)
- [图虫(Tuchong Photography)](https://jimmysong.tuchong.com)
- [知乎专栏——云原生应用架构](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/cloud-native)

Commit message:

Add service mesh shanghai meetup

content/about.md, after:

---
date: "2017-03-18T20:53:54+08:00"
title:  "About me"
tags: ["Jimmy Song"]
subtitle: "Jimmy Song(宋净超)"
description: "Jimmy Song(宋净超) - Developer Advocate on Cloud Native, CNCF Ambassador, co-founder of ServiceMesher community"
nocomment: true
postmeta: false
notoc: true
seealso: false
bigimg: [{src: "https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/00704eQkgy1fs4rhvpm6bj30x30im1kx.jpg", desc: "Dark Side of the Moon - Pink Floyd"}]
---

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws3.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwgy1fvg55z3xfgj306q08zgm6.jpg" title="我的微信二维码">
<img src="https://ws3.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwgy1fvg55z3xfgj306q08zgm6.jpg" alt="我的微信二维码">
</a>
</div>

### Info

- Jimmy Song（宋净超）
- Beijing, China 🇨🇳
- [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/)
- Career
  - [iFlytek](http://www.iflytek.com) （科大讯飞)
  - [TalkingData](http://www.talkingdata.com)
  - [Ant Financial](https://www.antfin.com/)（蚂蚁金服）current➡️[招贤纳士](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dIV_dElINMV4I0Ro2GnbOg)

### Bio

Jimmy Song is a Developer Advocate on Cloud Native at [Ant Financial](http:///antfin.com). He has organized a few Special Interest Groups in China for years that covering Kubernetes, Cloud Native and Service Mesh, and is the co-founder of the [ServiceMesher](http://www.servicemesher.com) community.

He has been blogging and coding for years on Cloud Native, also translated Cloud Native Go & Python & Java books into Chinese. Jimmy lives in Beijing and spends his free time on photographing and traveling.

### Books

**Original**

- [未来架构——从服务化到云原生，张亮 吴晟 敖小剑 宋净超 著](/posts/future-architecture-from-soa-to-cloud-native/)

**Translations**

- [Cloud Native Go - 构建基于Go和React的云原生Web应用与微服务](https://jimmysong.io/cloud-native-go)
- [Cloud Native Python - 使用Python和React构建云原生应用](https://jimmysong.io/posts/cloud-native-python/)
- [Cloud Native Java - 使用Java构建云原生应用](https://jimmysong.io/posts/cloud-native-java)

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="Jimmy Song's Cloud Native Book Series">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="宋净超的云原生书籍系列">
</a>
</div>

**Gitbooks**

- [hugo-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/hugo-handbook) - 使用Hugo构建静态网站手册
- [kubernetes-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/) - Kubernetes中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册
- [istio-handbook](https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook) - Istio中文指南/服务网格实践手册

---

### GitHub

- [awesome-cloud-native](https://github.com/rootsongjc/awesome-cloud-native) - A curated list for awesome cloud native tools, software and tutorials.  - https://jimmysong.io/awesome-cloud-native/
- [cheatsheets](https://jimmysong.io/cheatsheets) -  A modest collection of cheatsheets I've written.
- [cloudinary-go](https://github.com/rootsongjc/cloudinary-go) - A Go client library and CLI tool to upload static assets to Cloudinary service.
- [magpie](https://github.com/rootsongjc/magpie) - Deploying and managing a Hadoop Yarn cluster with Docker Swarm.
- [kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster) - Setting up a distributed Kubernetes cluster along with Istio service mesh locally with Vagrant and VirtualBox for PoC or Demo use cases
- [sofa-mesh](https://github.com/alipay/sofa-mesh) - A solution for large-scale Service Mesh based on Istio. <http://www.sofastack.tech/>
- [sofa-mosn](https://github.com/alipay/sofa-mosn) - SOFAMosn is a modular observable smart network which can be used in service mesh deployed as a data plane sidecar.
- [Spark on kubernetes](https://jimmysong.io/spark-on-k8s) - Running spark on Kubernetes with native Kubernetes scheduler

---

### Activities

The activities I attended or organized.

#### Service Mesh Meetup

- Nov 25 2018 #4 | Shanghai |
- Aug 25, 2018 #3 | Shenzhen | [See details](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/3453378014200)
- Jul 29, 2018 #2 | Beijing | [See details](https://github.com/servicemesher/meetup-slides/tree/master/2018/07/beijing)
- Jun 30, 2018 #1 | Hangzhou | [See details](https://github.com/servicemesher/meetup-slides/tree/master/2018/06/hangzhou)

#### 2018

- May 20,2018 | Nanjing | [Global Tech Week 2018, 4th NJSD Global Conference](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/)【2018全球技术周暨第四届南京（全球）软件大会】 | The next stage of Cloud Native apps
- Mar 23 - Mar 25,2018 | Beijing | Kubernetes 实战培训 | [Kubernetes实战培训|北京站](http://dockone.io/article/2626)

#### 2017

- Dec 16,2017 (🎂 My birthday)| Beijing | 下一代微服务： Service Mesh is Coming | [IT大咖说 数人云&TalkingData meetup](http://www.itdks.com/eventlist/detail/1690)
- Dec 8,2017 | Beijing | ArchSummit（全球架构师峰会）| [从Kubernetes到Cloud Native——云原生应用之路](http://bj2017.archsummit.com/presentation/306)
- Oct  15,2017 | Hangzhou | KEUC 2017（Kubernetes中国用户大会）| [k8smeetup最佳社区译者、最佳技术专栏作者](http://keuc.k8smeetup.com/)
- Sept 23,2017 | Beijing | Kubernetes 实战训练 | [Kubernetes 云原生应用设计与实战](https://www.bagevent.com/event/791762)
- Aug 26,2017 | Beijing | 技术·线下沙龙：云原生和微服务 | [云原生与微服务](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/8401246554100)
- Jul 7,2017 | Shenzhen | ArchSummit（全球架构师峰会）| [使用kubernetes的微服务和云原生应用实践](http://sz2017.archsummit.com/presentation/1080)

#### 2016

- Oct 20,2016 | Shanghai | Qcon | [Yarn on Docker——容器技术在大数据场景下的应用](http://2016.qconshanghai.com/speakers/202253)
- Oct 13,2016 | Hangzhou | The Computing Conference（云栖大会）| [大规模容器集群的管理与调度](https://yunqi.aliyun.com/2016/hangzhou/schedule?spm=5176.8098788.535884.3.7cdb1f673uSp7Q)
- Aug 15,2016 | Shanghai | MSA-summit（全球微服务架构技术大会） | [基于Docker的大数据集群虚拟化实践](http://msa-summit.com/)
- Jun 19,2016 | Beijing | Ghostcloud四城联动大型巡讲活动 | [让Docker听到中国的声音](https://www.bagevent.com/event/97318)

---

### Contact

- Wechat: jimmysong
- Email: jimmysong@jimmysong.io
- Twitter：[jimmysongio](https://twitter.com/jimmysongio)
- Facebook：[jimmysongio](https://facebook.com/jimmysongio)
- [500px](https://500px.com/jimmysongio)
- [图虫(Tuchong Photography)](https://jimmysong.tuchong.com)
- [知乎专栏——云原生应用架构](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/cloud-native)
