content/en/about/_index.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
# page title background image
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
# about image
image: "images/about/about-page.jpg"
# meta description
description : "Jimmy Song's profile."
---

### Introduction

宋净超 (Jimmy Song), Cloud Native developer advocate of [Ant Financial](http://antfin.com/) , [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/) , co-founder of [ServiceMesher community](https://www.servicemesher.com/) , outstanding translator and producer of PHEI. Early adopters and promoters of technologies such as Kubernetes, Istio.

### Publications

Jimmy Song has published several books since 2017, see the [book page](/en/book) for details .

**Copyright**

- [Future Architecture - From SOA to Cloud Native, Zhang Liang,Wu Sheng, Ao Xiaojian, Song Jingchao](/en/book/future-architecture-from-soa-to-cloud-native/)

**Translation**

- [Cloud Native Go - Build cloud-native web applications and microservices based on Go and React](/en/book/cloud-native-go)
- [Cloud Native Python - Build cloud native applications with Python and React](/en/book/cloud-native-python/)
- [Cloud Native Java - Build cloud native applications with Java](/en/book/cloud-native-java)

### Focused domains

He mainly focuses on cloud native fields, including containers, microservices, service mesh, serverless and other technologies, and is keen to participate in open source software and open source communities.

### Community

Jimmy Song is [ServiceMesher](https://www.servicemesher.com/) co-founder of the community, ServiceMesher community by a group with the same values and ideals of volunteers co-sponsored, was established in April 2018.

The community's focus areas are: containers, microservices, Service Mesh, Serverless, embrace open source and cloud native, and are committed to promoting the vigorous development of Service Mesh in China.

The mission of the ServiceMesher community is to disseminate Service Mesh technology, build an open source culture, strengthen industry communication, and promote the landing of Service Mesh in the enterprise.

The ServiceMesher community has hosted multiple meetups across the country since its inception, as detailed on the [event page](/en/event) .

Please scan the QR code at the bottom of the website and add Jimmy Song to apply to join the ServiceMesher community.

### Participatation

#### 2019

- June 24, 2019 | Shanghai | [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + Open Source Summit Pre-Conference Co-Located Events](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2019/co-located-events/) | Producer

#### 2018

- November 14, 2018 | Shanghai | [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon China](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2018/)
- May 20th, [2018](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/) | Nanjing | [Global Technology Week 2018 and the Fourth Nanjing (Global) Software Conference](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/) | The Next Step for Cloud Native Applications
- March 23-25, 2018 | Beijing | Kubernetes combat training | [Kubernetes combat training | Beijing](http://dockone.io/article/2626)

#### 2017

- December 16, 2017 (🎂 my birthday) | Beijing | micro generation services: Service Mesh IS Coming | [IT large number of people say that coffee Clouds & TalkingData meetup](http://www.itdks.com/eventlist/detail/1690)
- December 8, 2017 | Beijing | ArchSummit (Global Architects Summit) | [From Kubernetes to Cloud Native-The Road to Cloud Native Applications](http://bj2017.archsummit.com/presentation/306)
- October 15, 2017 | Hangzhou | KEUC 2017 (Kubernetes China User Conference) | [k8smeetup Best Community Translator and Best Technical Column Author](http://keuc.k8smeetup.com/)
- September 23, 2017 | Beijing | Kubernetes combat training | [Kubernetes cloud native application design and combat](https://www.bagevent.com/event/791762)
- August 26, 2017 | Beijing | Technology · Offline Salon: Cloud Native and Microservices | [Cloud Native and Microservices](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/8401246554100)
- July 7, 2017 | Shenzhen | ArchSummit (Global Architects Summit) | [Microservices and cloud-native application practices using kubernetes](http://sz2017.archsummit.com/presentation/1080)

#### 2016

- October 20, 2016 | Shanghai | Qcon | [Yarn on Docker-Application of Container Technology in Big Data Scenarios](http://2016.qconshanghai.com/speakers/202253)
- October 13, 2016 | Hangzhou | Yunqi Conference | [Management and Scheduling of Large-scale Container Clusters](https://yunqi.aliyun.com/2016/hangzhou/schedule?spm=5176.8098788.535884.3.7cdb1f673uSp7Q)
- August 15, 2016 | Shanghai | MSA-summit (Global Microservices Architecture Technology Conference) | [Docker-based Big Data Cluster Virtualization Practice](https://www.oschina.net/event/2185859)
- June 19th, 2016 | Beijing | Ghostcloud Four City Linked Large-scale Tour Event | [Let Docker Hear the Voice of China](https://www.bagevent.com/event/97318)

Commit message:

Update about page and data

content/en/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
draft: false
# page title background image
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
# about image
image: "images/about/about-page.jpg"
# meta description
description : "Jimmy Song's profile."
---

### Introduction

宋净超 (Jimmy Song), Cloud Native developer advocate of [Ant Financial](http://antfin.com/) , [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/) , co-founder of [ServiceMesher community](https://www.servicemesher.com/) , outstanding translator and producer of PHEI. Early adopters and promoters of technologies such as Kubernetes, Istio.

### Publications

Jimmy Song has published several books since 2017, see the [book page](/en/book) for details .

**Copyright**

- [Future Architecture - From SOA to Cloud Native, Zhang Liang,Wu Sheng, Ao Xiaojian, Song Jingchao](/en/book/future-architecture-from-soa-to-cloud-native/)

**Translation**

- [Cloud Native Go - Build cloud-native web applications and microservices based on Go and React](/en/book/cloud-native-go)
- [Cloud Native Python - Build cloud native applications with Python and React](/en/book/cloud-native-python/)
- [Cloud Native Java - Build cloud native applications with Java](/en/book/cloud-native-java)

**Reviewed**

- [Mastering Service Mesh](https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-service-mesh-architecture)

### Focused domains

He mainly focuses on cloud native fields, including containers, microservices, service mesh, serverless and other technologies, and is keen to participate in open source software and open source communities.

### Community

Jimmy Song is the co-founder of [ServiceMesher](https://www.servicemesher.com/) and [Cloud Native](https://cloudnative.to) community,

#### ServiceMesher Community

ServiceMesher community by a group with the same values and ideals of volunteers co-sponsored, was established in April 2018. The mission of the ServiceMesher community is to disseminate Service Mesh technology, build an open source culture, strengthen industry communication, and promote the landing of Service Mesh in the enterprise. The community’s website is <https://www.servicemesher.com>.

#### Cloud Native Community

Cloud Native Community is founded on May 12, 2020 by [Jimmy and his friends](https://cloudnative.to/en/team). It is an open source community with technology and passion. It was founded spontaneously by a group of industry elites who love open source and uphold the principle of ‘consensus, co-governance, co-construction and sharing’. The aim of the community is: connection, neutral, open source. We are based in China, facing the world, enterprise neutrality, focusing on open source, and give feedback to open source. The community's website is <https://cloudnative.to>.

### Participatation

#### 2020

- July 4, 2020 | Shenzhen | [GIAC](http://giac.msup.com.cn/Giac/schedule/index) | Producer

#### 2019

- June 24, 2019 | Shanghai | [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + Open Source Summit Pre-Conference Co-Located Events](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2019/co-located-events/) | Producer

#### 2018

- November 14, 2018 | Shanghai | [KubeCon + CloudNativeCon China](https://www.lfasiallc.com/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china-2018/)
- May 20th, [2018](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/) | Nanjing | [Global Technology Week 2018 and the Fourth Nanjing (Global) Software Conference](http://njsd-china.org/NJSDGlobal2018/) | The Next Step for Cloud Native Applications
- March 23-25, 2018 | Beijing | Kubernetes combat training | [Kubernetes combat training | Beijing](http://dockone.io/article/2626)

#### 2017

- December 16, 2017 | Beijing | micro generation services: Service Mesh IS Coming | [IT large number of people say that coffee Clouds & TalkingData meetup](http://www.itdks.com/eventlist/detail/1690)
- December 8, 2017 | Beijing | ArchSummit (Global Architects Summit) | [From Kubernetes to Cloud Native-The Road to Cloud Native Applications](http://bj2017.archsummit.com/presentation/306)
- October 15, 2017 | Hangzhou | KEUC 2017 (Kubernetes China User Conference) | [k8smeetup Best Community Translator and Best Technical Column Author](http://keuc.k8smeetup.com/)
- September 23, 2017 | Beijing | Kubernetes combat training | [Kubernetes cloud native application design and combat](https://www.bagevent.com/event/791762)
- August 26, 2017 | Beijing | Technology · Offline Salon: Cloud Native and Microservices | [Cloud Native and Microservices](http://www.huodongxing.com/event/8401246554100)
- July 7, 2017 | Shenzhen | ArchSummit (Global Architects Summit) | [Microservices and cloud-native application practices using kubernetes](http://sz2017.archsummit.com/presentation/1080)

#### 2016

- October 20, 2016 | Shanghai | Qcon | [Yarn on Docker-Application of Container Technology in Big Data Scenarios](http://2016.qconshanghai.com/speakers/202253)
- October 13, 2016 | Hangzhou | Yunqi Conference | [Management and Scheduling of Large-scale Container Clusters](https://yunqi.aliyun.com/2016/hangzhou/schedule?spm=5176.8098788.535884.3.7cdb1f673uSp7Q)
- August 15, 2016 | Shanghai | MSA-summit (Global Microservices Architecture Technology Conference) | [Docker-based Big Data Cluster Virtualization Practice](https://www.oschina.net/event/2185859)
- June 19th, 2016 | Beijing | Ghostcloud Four City Linked Large-scale Tour Event | [Let Docker Hear the Voice of China](https://www.bagevent.com/event/97318)
