content/en/_index.md, before:

[Jimmy Song(宋净超)](/about) is a Developer Advocate at [Ant Financial](http:///antfin.com) and [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/). He has organized a few Special Interest Groups in China for years that covering Kubernetes, [Cloud Native](/awesome-cloud-native) and Service Mesh, and is the co-founder of the [ServiceMesher Community](http://www.servicemesher.com). Watch his [schedule](/en/about/#schedule). He has been blogging and coding for years on Cloud Native, also translated Cloud Native Go & Python & Java books into Chinese. Jimmy lives in Beijing and spends his free time on photographing and traveling.  Watch his amazing videos shot with drone [DJI Mavic 2 Pro](https://click.dji.com/AD4wNIOV0G1e2vAqBDwVuQ?dji_from=dji-pilot-app&pm=dji-pilot-app) on [bilibili](http://space.bilibili.com/31004924) and pictures on [Tuchong](https://jimmysongio.tuchong.com/).

---

### [Jimmy Song’s Cloud Native Book Series](/tags/book)

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="Jimmy Song's Cloud Native Book Series">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" alt="宋净超的云原生书籍系列">
</a>
</div>

### [Cloud Native Quick Start](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Fork</a>

Setting up a distributed [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster along with [Istio](https://istio.io) service mesh locally with Vagrant and VirtualBox for PoC or Demo use cases.

### [Kubernetes Handbook(Chinese)](/kubernetes-handbook)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Fork</a>

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwzugm22epj30go0lvwgu.jpg" title="Kubernetes Handbook - Kubernetes 中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册">
<img src="https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwzugm22epj30go0lvwgu.jpg" alt="Kubernetes Handbook - Kubernetes 中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册">
</a>
</div>

### [Istio Handbook - Istio Service Mesh Advanced Practical(Chinese)](/istio-handbook)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Fork</a>

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNc79ly1fz8958vq3zj30go0lvgor.jpg" title="Istio Handbook - Istio 服务网格进阶实战">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNc79ly1fz8958vq3zj30go0lvgor.jpg" alt="Istio Handbook - Istio 服务网格进阶实战">
</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add KubeCon SOFAStack Cloud Native Workshop

content/en/_index.md, after:

[Jimmy Song(宋净超)](/about) is a Developer Advocate at [Ant Financial](http:///antfin.com) and [CNCF Ambassador](https://www.cncf.io/people/ambassadors/). He has organized a few Special Interest Groups in China for years that covering Kubernetes, [Cloud Native](/awesome-cloud-native) and Service Mesh, and is the co-founder of the [ServiceMesher Community](http://www.servicemesher.com). Watch his [schedule](/en/about/#schedule). He has been blogging and coding for years on Cloud Native, also translated Cloud Native Go & Python & Java books into Chinese. Jimmy lives in Beijing and spends his free time on photographing and traveling.  Watch his amazing videos shot with drone [DJI Mavic 2 Pro](https://click.dji.com/AD4wNIOV0G1e2vAqBDwVuQ?dji_from=dji-pilot-app&pm=dji-pilot-app) on [bilibili](http://space.bilibili.com/31004924) and pictures on [Tuchong](https://jimmysongio.tuchong.com/).

Welcome to Shanghai to join our [SOFAStack Cloud Native Workshop hosted by Ant Financial](sofastack-cloud-native-workshop) on June 24, 2019.

---

### [Jimmy Song’s Cloud Native Book Series](/tags/book)

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" title="Jimmy Song's Cloud Native Book Series">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwyq2o106pj31kw0lq4qq.jpg" alt="宋净超的云原生书籍系列">
</a>
</div>

### [Cloud Native Quick Start](https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/kubernetes-vagrant-centos-cluster on GitHub">Fork</a>

Setting up a distributed [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster along with [Istio](https://istio.io) service mesh locally with Vagrant and VirtualBox for PoC or Demo use cases.

### [Kubernetes Handbook(Chinese)](/kubernetes-handbook)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/kubernetes-handbook on GitHub">Fork</a>

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwzugm22epj30go0lvwgu.jpg" title="Kubernetes Handbook - Kubernetes 中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册">
<img src="https://ws1.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNbRwly1fwzugm22epj30go0lvwgu.jpg" alt="Kubernetes Handbook - Kubernetes 中文指南/云原生应用架构实践手册">
</a>
</div>

### [Istio Handbook - Istio Service Mesh Advanced Practical(Chinese)](/istio-handbook)

<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook/subscription" data-icon="octicon-eye" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Watch rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Watch</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Star</a>
<a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/rootsongjc/istio-handbook/fork" data-icon="octicon-repo-forked" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Fork rootsongjc/istio-handbook on GitHub">Fork</a>

<div class="gallery">
<a href="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNc79ly1fz8958vq3zj30go0lvgor.jpg" title="Istio Handbook - Istio 服务网格进阶实战">
<img src="https://ws2.sinaimg.cn/large/006tNc79ly1fz8958vq3zj30go0lvgor.jpg" alt="Istio Handbook - Istio 服务网格进阶实战">
</a>
</div>
